Sam announce cloud (#46)
flowforge/website: src/blog/announcing-flowforge-cloud.md

---
title: Announcing FlowForge Cloud
subtitle: Hosting your Node-RED, so you don't have to.
description: Join the waitlist for our cloud offering.
date: 2022-02-23 19:44:00.0
authors: ["zeger-jan-van-de-weg"]
---

As an open core company, anyone is free to [download and install][install-docs]

> our Community Edition. In many cases this is a great solution, it

Reviewer: Have discussed the 'Community Edition' before? It implies there's an 'Enterprise edition', which also doesn't exist. Think it's better to not get into the details too much? And either it's self managed like you recommended, or FlowForge managed?

```suggestion
our platform. In many cases this is a great solution, it
```

Author: yes good point really the difference here is "our hosted platform" vs "self-managed" Community vs Enterprise is a different comparison (there may even be 'enterprise' hosted at some point in the future
